Aufgabenstellung:
Write a comment in the role of an employee representative at NorthStar Logistics AG. Take a clear position on introducing AI tools at the workplace. Follow this structure: introduction, three counter-arguments (strongest to weakest), a bridge, three own arguments (weakest to strongest), and a conclusion. Each argument must contain a claim, a reason, and an example.

Bewertungskriterien:
- id: structure | Structure and argumentation (0 bis 27 Punkte)
  Follows the required structure (intro, three counter-arguments strongest to weakest, bridge, three own arguments weakest to strongest, conclusion) as flowing prose.
  22 bis 27 (very good): All parts present and ordered as required, arguments developed as connected prose.
  14 bis 21 (good to satisfactory): Most parts present and mostly in order, some arguments carried further than others.
  0 bis 13 (developing): Several structural parts still to be added or reordered.
- id: cre-argument | Argument completeness (CRE) (0 bis 18 Punkte)
  Each of the six arguments is only counted when claim, reason and example are all present. This criterion checks that all-or-nothing rule across arguments.
  Alles-oder-Nichts-Regel: An argument only counts with claim AND reason AND example.. Alle Teile noetig: Claim, Reason, Example. Nur bei allen Teilen volle Punkte, sonst 0.
- id: grammar | Grammar (0 bis 15 Punkte)
  Correctness of structures, tenses, agreement.
- id: sentence | Sentence structure (0 bis 15 Punkte)
  Variety, complexity and cohesion of sentences; flowing prose rather than labels.
- id: vocabulary | Vocabulary (0 bis 15 Punkte)
  Range and precision of everyday vocabulary, own wording.
- id: connectives | Topic vocabulary and connectives (0 bis 15 Punkte)
  Topic vocabulary about work and technology plus connectives that link arguments.

Text der lernenden Person:
"""
As an employee representative, I would like to comment on the plan to introduce AI tools. Many colleagues worry about their jobs.
"""

Bewerte jedes Kriterium. Nutze in "evidence" ausschliesslich woertliche Zitate aus dem Text.
Antworte als JSON in genau dieser Form:
{
  "criteria": [
    { "criterionId": "id-des-kriteriums", "points": 0, "reasoning": "kurze Begruendung der Punkte", "evidence": ["woertliches Zitat", "..."] }
  ]
}